README.md, before:

# upgrade

Simplify Arch Linux upgrades.

Finally, there is one command, `upgrade`, to upgrade your entire system with zero user input. By default, upgrade runs automatically every day at 5:30 am and 15 minutes after boot.

This package currently uses paru under the hood, but will adapt as necessary, always using the most reliable aur helper currently available.

You should always keep your system up to date! But the automation can be disabled if desired. Automation is handled by a systemd timer (upgrade.timer) that is enabled by default upon install. If there are conflicts or other problems with the upgrade, you will need to manually resolve them. So it's a good idea to check occasionally that upgrade.service is succeeding.

To ensure that automated system upgrades do not interrupt normal system functioning, kernel-modules-hook is also a dependency.

## Installation

[upgrade](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/upgrade) is available in the Arch User Repository.

## Configuration

### /etc/upgrade.conf

- `upgrade_aur`: Set to false if you are not interested in automating AUR upgrades, and only want to install packages from pacman's configured repositories.
- `clean_cache_on_success`: Set to false if you would like to persist the package cache indefinitely.

### /etc/group

Anyone in the `upgraders` group has permission to execute `upgrade` or `clearpkgcache` without typing a password.

Commit message:

add upgrade.sudoers and docs

README.md, after:

# upgrade

Simplify Arch Linux upgrades.

Finally, there is one command, `upgrade`, to upgrade your entire system with zero user input. By default, upgrade runs automatically every day at 5:30 am and 15 minutes after boot.

This package currently uses paru under the hood, but will adapt as necessary, always using the most reliable aur helper currently available.

You should always keep your system up to date! But the automation can be disabled if desired. Automation is handled by a systemd timer (upgrade.timer) that is enabled by default upon install. If there are conflicts or other problems with the upgrade, you will need to manually resolve them. So it's a good idea to occasionally check `journalctl -u upgrade` for any errors.

To ensure that automated system upgrades do not interrupt normal system functioning, kernel-modules-hook is also a dependency.

## Installation

[upgrade](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/upgrade) is available in the Arch User Repository.

## Configuration

### /etc/upgrade.conf

- `upgrade_aur`: Set to false if you are not interested in automating AUR upgrades, and only want to install packages from pacman's configured repositories.
- `clean_cache_on_success`: Set to false if you would like to persist the package cache indefinitely.

### /etc/group

Anyone in the `upgraders` group has permission to execute `upgrade` or `clearpkgcache` without typing a password. This requires /etc/sudoers to `@includedir /etc/sudoers.d`, which is already included by default in the arch linux installation of sudo.
